Lan Lan, you are pregnant
Impossible, we have protective measures
Any security measures must be 100% effective
It's normal to have some accidents occasionally
Miss Jiang, please rest first.
I'll give you medicine.
Do you want to notify the path live stream?
He wouldn't want it.
It's okay, then knock it off
Now that my father-in-law is not old
No harm to the body
I want
Why is that?
He is my only connection in this world
OK, then give birth
If the surnamed Lu doesn't want to raise it
My brother and I will help you.
Thank you Mr. 4
My pregnancy
Can you please keep it a secret for me?
Ok, I will.
Sorry baby
But even without Dad
Mom?
I will definitely do my best to make you happy
What are you looking at?
Looking at the divorce papers?
Give it to me.
future
Don't you want to divorce me?
Why don't I have to read the divorce agreement?
future
I have been deceived by others in my life
And hide it?
It's a form of deception.
So I suggest you
Don't challenge my bottom line